well howdy there internet people its Bo
a gown so tonight we're going to talk
about an election commissioner in
Mississippi we're gonna do this because
we have story we have a story a lot of
the stuff that we talk about on this
channel there big picture concepts you
know we've got statistics and numbers of
facts and studies and all of this stuff
it's abstract for a lot of people not
everybody learns that way a lot of
people need a story they need something
that they can look at and and follow and
then break it apart and look at each
little piece and then they get it or you
could show them charts and statistics
all day one of the things that we've
been talking about a lot on this channel
is how certain systemic issues are
everywhere they invade every part of our
society and because they're so prevalent
it's hard to pick out individual stories
we have that okay
Gail Harrison Welch posted this publicly
on Facebook I'm an election Commissioner
in Jones County Mississippi I'm
concerned about voter registration in
Mississippi the blacks are having lots
events for voter registration people in
Mississippi need to get involved too
thank you for all you do did you catch
that the blacks people that's that's a
pretty marked difference I mean that's
that's pretty pronounced I'm an election
commissioner I'm concerned about voter
registration this is what's happening
so one of the main conditions of
systemic racism is voter suppression
negating the vote of minority groups
it's exactly what's happening in this
post the concern is that quote the
blacks are going to have a lot more
voters than the whites if you are using
fear of a minority group to motivate
another group it's so they can maintain
that institutional power that systemic
power this is the reason voting
districts look the way they do they're
gerrymandered they draw them up to
divide up the votes
so black voices or minority voices of
any kind don't get heard and if they
can't do it that way they can do it this
way downplaying voter registration for
one group up playing it for another they
can remove polling stations from
minority communities so it's harder for
them to vote this is all part of
something that occurs and it is systemic
now to be fair she did trying to explain
her comments and she said in an
interview on Monday she meant to say
this privately didn't mean to post it
publicly on Facebook meant to Senate and
a private message just so everybody
knows and is aware that doesn't make it
better if you are in an office of public
trust and you are making statements in
private that you wouldn't want to make
publicly about that office of public
trust it just leads people to believe
that even more is going on behind closed
doors she said we've always in the past
had White's really participating in
registering to vote so many people don't
seem to be concerned about voting okay
the concern once again is that going
back to that first statement concerned
about voter registration in Mississippi
the blacks are having lots of events
riverboat registration that's the
concern and she does say at one point
this was an error on my part but I can't
tell honestly because of how the
interview was done whether or not she's
talking about what she said or the fact
that she said it publicly I can't tell
which one was the error and then she
goes on to say I was just trying to
strike a match under people and get them
to vote get everybody to vote the
problem with this statement is that
first comment showed a difference
between the blacks and people so saying
that you're trying to get the people to
vote that doesn't mean anything
because it may not include them
there are a lot of people trying to
excuse this and justify it or whatever
sure it's possible this was just some
turn of phrase they got taken out of
context I mean it's possible I
personally don't see it as likely but
it's possible sure why not whatever it's
20 20 a senator that has part of her
County in his district Juan Barnett said
it's those kind of things that people
say until somebody brings it to their
attention okay so let me do that now if
you are differentiating between any
group of human beings and people you're
wrong you're racist you're sexist you're
a bigot of some sort
I guarantee it okay don't do that
shouldn't say anything like that you
shouldn't think anything like that
either we we're building a new south we
don't need this we've rejected this we
are past this we're we're getting away
from it this one that has held this
office for twenty years twenty years it
is fair to ask how many times in those
20 years that thought process
differentiating between the blacks and
people impacted what she did in that
office of public trust that is a fair
question to ask
now 20 years incidentally she's up for
election that might be something the
people of Jones County Mississippi need
to know this line of thought has been
around for a long time trying to
subjugate a voice trying to give it
trying to take that voice away from them
so they don't have a say in it and then
we can continue to look down on them
well maybe it's because nobody can speak
up for their interests because of
gerrymandered districts because of voter
suppression because of remote removing
polling places because of motivating the
white vote out of fear of the blacks
maybe that's why their communities don't
get the attention they deserve
because we make sure they don't because
they're not represented this shows one
of the critical flaws in representative
democracy anyway
this line of thought has been around for
a long time and it needs to go wedding
anyway it's just fog y'all have a good
night